---
title:  "UKSRC goes to The National Astronomy Meeting!"
layout: single
sidebar:
  nav: "docs"
categories: community
---
We are looking forward to attending NAM2024 in Hull. Don't miss this opportunity to find out more at the sessions below or come and chat in the exhibitor space with members of UKSRC, SKAO, ALMA, LOFAR, and eMERLIN facilities


- **15 July (9:00 - 11:00): [Era of SKAO Pathfinders – Pushing the Boundaries of the Radio Sky](https://nam2024.hull.ac.uk/era-of-skao-pathfinders-pushing-the-boundaries-of-the-radio-sky/)**  
This session will enable the UK astronomy community, particularly early-career researchers (ECRs), to present their cutting-edge research conducted using SKAO precursors. We will welcome a wide scope of science to this session to emphasize the widespread impact that current radio facilities are having on science topics such as galaxy evolution, AGN, transients, pulsars and cosmic magnetism as well as technical challenges such as the confrontation of large data sets in radio imaging. Discussion of how such research prepared us for the SKAO will help us understand the path toward its survey operations.

- **18 July (11:00 - 12:30) [Discovery in Astronomy and Space Physics enabled by large-scale Digital Research Infrastructures](https://nam2024.hull.ac.uk/discovery-in-astronomy-and-space-physics-enabled-by-large-scale-digital-research-infrastructures-astrocomp/)** 
Computing and specialist technical skills underpin scientific exploitation across the Astronomy, UKSP and MIST community domains. In the UK, the STFC supports a range of infrastructures to enable both High Throughput Computing (HTC, e.g. GridPP) and High Performance Computing (e.g. DiRAC). The STFC IRIS (https://www.iris.ac.uk) digital research infrastructure (DRI) provides seamless access to these and other (e.g. The Hartree Centre, The Ada Lovelace Centre, AIRR) resources. This session will update the community on developments in IRIS and its partner infrastructure providers (e.g. DiRAC), highlighting the emerging scientific exploitation and data science opportunities opened up by access to massive scale computational and AI resources. 
