---
title:  "UKSRC at the 32nd IAU General Assembly"
layout: news-page
categories: news
tags: community
image_path: /assets/images/news/iau_jh_jk.jpg
image_caption: Team Sapphire at the IAU
---

The 32nd International Astronomical Union (IAU) General Assembly took place in Cape Town, South Africa, from August 6-15, 2024. This was a significant event, marking the first time the assembly was hosted on the African continent. The IAU General Assembly is one of the most prestigious gatherings in the field of astronomy, attracting thousands of scientists, researchers, and educators from around the world.

The event featured numerous scientific symposia, debates, and workshops covering a wide array of topics, such as galaxy evolution, exoplanet discoveries, cosmology, and the future of space exploration. Special attention was given to discussions on how astronomy can promote education, development, and scientific collaboration, especially in Africa. The event also highlighted the increasing role of advanced technology in astronomical research and the impact of global collaborations on major projects like the Square Kilometre Array (SKA).

In addition to scientific sessions, the assembly celebrated recent achievements in astronomy and recognized notable contributions from astronomers worldwide. The IAU also continued its mission of naming celestial objects and standardizing astronomical practices.

UKSRC Researchers, Julia Healy and Jack Radcliffe, both attended the GA, with Julia [presenting](https://youtu.be/cV2C72v6Rt4?t=6082) some of her research during Symposium 392: Neutral hydrogen in and around galaxies in the SKA era. All presentations at the GA were recorded and are open access -- another first for GAs, for those interested in catching up with all the results that were presented during the conference, links to the Session Recordings can be found on the [conference website](https://www.astronomy2024.org).